I need you to dedicate this chat to ... of my Verse-DNA project. I want you to follow the guidelines outlined in the description below, but feel free to ask on-the-go questions/clarifications or propose corrections. I hope you have an access to the overall idea of my project from the other chats in this project folder in chatgpt. If not, tell me "No, I don't have access to it" in bold. If yes, give me a detailed recap so that I can see that you indeed have the access to that information. In case if you can't access the info, I will share that with you in the next message. Be precise. Do not hallucinate information or change direction of the project without notifying me about that. Cite your sources at the end of each response. Keep the answers not too long, let me netter ask my questions, if I want to clarify something - don't try to answer everything in one prompt. You can keep the emojis, but form you answers in a structured way. Here is a quick recap of my progress so far:

Prompt rules for the chat:
1. If I have a question regarding you answer, I will ask it in the next message. You will have to answer it, but you must stay on the same topic, as if I haven't asked you anything and just told you to proceed. Think of it as every time I ask a question to you, you create a separate branch in out dialogue and answer the question in that branch, however, if there is a "DONE" code word in my message, you'll need to switch back to the 'main' branch of our discussion. If as a result of our side discussion with questions I gave you new instructions/suggestions on the workflow, when returning back to the main discussion, you save those and apply to the main discussion staring with the next your answer. For example: in the 'main' I ask you to colour the square in blue and in your response you suggest to use magenta. I don't know what is that and ask you about that, which means, that our discussion translates to a separate branch (at the top of each message while we're in that branch you print in bold: "SIDE QUESTIONS"). In that branch you answer that question and you use the workd 'color' in your answer. I don't understand how to write correctly 'colour' or 'color' so I ask you about that as well and we still remain in that branch. Only then, in my next message I, for example, tell you to use only 'colour' use the phrase: "DONE". As soon as you see this code word, you realize that you are asked to switch back to the main branch - the discussion is now returned to the main branch (at the top of each message while we're in that branch you print in bold: "MAIN"). And the next time you tell me about magenta colour you can remember that I asked you to use only 'colour' version of the word, so you use only that one. For you to better understand why I am asking for such a behaviour: I often have questions to your answers, but oftentimes these answers should go 1 by 1 in each next message as a part of some algorithm, for example. By interruptedly asking you questions in the middle of this list of steps in the algorithm I fear that I will spoil your thinking and you would not be able to continue to enumerate steps in the same manner as before (you may forget my previous instructions regarding the design of those steps). Remember, if my prompt contains the question, question mark: '?', or clarification, move the discussion to the side question branch!!! ALWAYS START ON THE MAIN BRANCH!!!

2. Add an 'easy-to-understand' for a second year university student pseudo-code after each code chunk that you produce, to ensure you are doing the right thing and to make me to understand the code better

3. Name the chat according to the following pattern: "Milestone " + the number of the milestone that I am asking you to dedicate this chat to.

4. For every newly proposed cell content or existing cell correction - you ARE OBLIGATED to say where should I paste the new/ edit the existing cell, given that I provided you with the .ipynb file beforehand (you should be able to look that up there).

5. After reaching each milestone, add the corresponding new section to the DECISIONS.md file, which is going to describe the progress made during this milestone stage (used for the every next chat to be able to understand the previous history and the current context of the project)